---
layout: post
title: "First ever post"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}

If you are watching this you may probably be one of my best friends or you are someone wanting to know what kind of candidate i am who has sent some application to you. The reason to this blog is to document some of my self-driven project, after a two-and-a-half-year escape(I prefer it be called a special chapter of mine, but majority might consider it as an escape) from my career after graduation as a computer engineering student.

So, where did i escape to? or what the “special chapter” was about? Long story short, I went to Australia for two years by holding a working holiday visa that means I could work and travel in Aus for as long as the period they had been granted to me. Two years. And I mostly worked in agriculture throughout my staying there. Made some friends, enjoyed the life and living there, worked under all weathers, did road-trips for few thousand kilometers, couple times,  and etc. I realized myself more by what I’d experienced like getting myself hurt when falling down from a tractor, struggling for a change when I had worked in an unsatisfying position in a grape farm for more than 6 months without travelling, trying to “live” in casino and gamble but end up found myself too exhausted like a walking dead. A lot more come to my mind when I try to recall the memories for that period. Wait, but what is it related to that I am going to blog? Because there was a moment, when I was recalling all those treasurable moments, I believed I should make it a chapter of my life. Despite the fact that I really enjoyed the life in Australia when comparing to my prior 23 years life in Hong Kong in where I actually hated the crowd, the stress. There are still many people I want to be with, ambitions I want to achieve and friends I want to hangout with, though. And then I confirmed, Hong Kong will be the background my next chapter would be stick to.

When I came back to Hong Kong a week ago, I tried to start the momentum to make my new chapter great. I rearranged my bedroom, brought a table so that I could have an area to work at home. I woke up no later than 7 so that I could be productive in the morning. I set up some goals that I want to achieve in the coming 3 months, 6 months. I read books because I believe that I need to explore my vision by reading and also improve my reading speed. And the most realistic question comes: How can I support my living? I always wanted to run a startup. These kind of thought always excites me. So I read books regarding to the hows and I have been very proactive trying to pursue it. But the truth is I have been pursuing that thought for so long. That fact is that I thought it without having much things done in the past. That sucks. That’s so lame. Although I start to pursue it again now, things don’t come out all of a sudden while I need to live a life and support my family. **I need to get something done first**. There are few thoughts come to my mind and failing in making up my mind won’t help a bit. Focus on one thing rather than got distracted by other thought would definitely make progress instead of spinning around. I need to kick my ass first.

Studying at home or doing some project to boost my ability of programming is certainly a thing that I want to do now. By documenting what I have done in this blog would be an advantage to keep track on myself of what I have done/achieve and certainly letting somebody like you to explore my work. So, here we go, start small, aim high, seize my life.